so you want to know the origins of Ryan
and Thompson so sit back relax in a joy
Ryan and Thompson video blog number
seven Thomson grew up in Dallas Texas a
small three bedroom house with his
family they led a quiet life a simple
life
Thompson was picked on by his brothers
and through that experience developed
incredible tolerance for pain so my
calma glutton for punishment
some might call him weird my he was
Catholic
Ryan grew up in this nice house then
moved out to a different house grew up
some there and just recently moved back
into this house as a child he was in the
Indian guides and then grew up to enjoy
some sort of filmmaking and that's his
acoustic guitar he plays it sometimes
anyway he had a passion for filmmaking
and has is now the prop master for MRI
productions storing all of our props
visible in high school the meeting place
of Ryan and Thompson if you want to get
technical about it they met each other
like seven years before in Cub Scouts
but that's not important they met for
real like with introductions and
everything in that building right there
the vpa building fun times were had
there many times that reverse these
hallways and many stories have unfolded
many stories have yet to unfold but
those stories are no longer right in
Thompson's
for copyright reasons
they're not important anymore what that
is important is room 132 mr. in men's
room
that's that guy right there he had the
julius caesar project which was to make
a film based on Julius Caesar Brian
Thompson made individual films but two
years later they would collaborate on
Thompson's senior english project a
movie
regard but remains the spine was very
exactly I hope this has given you some
insight as to the origins of ride and
Thompson for more information check the
Wikipedia this this is the worst video
we've made yet did you make me talking
that stupid voice entire time this is my
only line of dialogue